He's all right.
It's just too weak because the wound is torn and bleeding
By the way, I'm going to go through the hospitalization procedures at the end
Miss, why don't you come with me?
Oh, dear.
How are you?
I'm feeling dizzy now.
nausea
The world is spinning
You make it sound like you're pregnant.
I'm not because
I want you to know how hard it is for me
You are the scenery today
Thanks for saving me
It turns out that you can also speak politely
Usually yelling at me
It's not because of me or because of you
Okay, I'm in the hospital because you're sick.
You still want to quarrel with me?
I ask you if you have any supplies for sale today.
Yangyang, you don't want to miss me.
I'm not as stubborn as you are
I found this.
I knew you were here.
That doesn't prove anything.
Summarize the money, you are still stubborn
What are you doing?
If you were any tougher
I don't mind punishing you again.
But why do you
I don't know why I care so much now
But tell me first when I find out.
Ok I want to sleep